chore(auth): add refresh session sections (#6766)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/manage-user-session/index.mdx

</Block>
</BlockSwitcher>

### Refreshing sessions

> The `fetchAuthSession` API will automatically refresh the user's session when tokens have expired and there is a valid `refreshToken`. Additionally, you can also refresh the session by calling the `fetchAuthSession` API with the `forceRefresh` flag enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fetchAuthSession` API automatically refreshes the user's session when the authentication tokens have expired and a valid `refreshToken` is present. Additionally, you can also refresh the session explicitly by calling the `fetchAuthSession` API with the `forceRefresh` flag enabled. 
```

```ts
import { fetchAuthSession } from 'aws-amplify/auth';

async function currentSession() {
  try {
    const { tokens } = await fetchAuthSession({ forceRefresh: true });
    console.log(tokens);
  } catch (err) {
    console.log(err);
  }
}
```

### Refreshing sessions with social providers

> To refresh the user's session when authenticating with a social provider, you need to use the `code grant` oauth flow in your Amplify configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To refresh the user's session when authenticating with a social provider, you need to use the `code grant` OAuth flow in your Amplify configuration.
```

```TypeScript
Amplify.configure({
   Auth: {
    Cognito: {
      ...cognitoConfig,
      loginWith: {
        oauth: {
          ...oauthConfig,
          responseType: "code",
        },
      },
    },
  },
})
```

<Callout>

> **Note:** refresh session with social providers will not work when the user has authenticated with a `token` oauth flow, e.g `{ responseType: 'token' }`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** `forceRefresh` with social providers will not work when the user has authenticated with a `token` OAuth flow, e.g `{ responseType: 'token' }`.
```

Author: It is true that `forceRefresh` will not work under those circumstances, but `fetchAuthSession` will also not be able to automatically refresh the session even though the `forceRefresh` option is not passed.

Reviewer 2: Ah got it! Okay, discard this one, but maybe still change oauth to OAuth
